when you introduce to it it looks fun
and when you're doing it it is fun when
we switch our philosophy from the old PE
to the new PE it were very kind of
groundbreakers like what is this the old
PE philosophy it's more about teaching
sports kind of way we all grown up you
know baseball basketball soccer that's
all you do in PE with the new P
philosophy it's about teaching fitness
over sports skills makes it a lot more
fair I actually like PE now I used to
hate it you know our program has become
influential in kids lives mainly because
they see themselves as being assessed
based on their own abilities with the
use of heart rate technology and our
heart rate monitors it's not about who's
the best at shooting a basketball or
who's the best at scoring a goal it's
just about the kids getting involved in
getting moving is not only movement in
PE but also a movement we've had a
movement in the classroom with our brain
breaks well it helps keep your your
heart rate up and that's what keeps you
healthy
that's really what you want if you now
look at our t-shirts every kid on the
back of this shirt has English academic
words with the definition read alone
when you're sitting down at roll call
what are they looking at the back of the
kids shirt when students are exercising
in the fitness center or in the gym what
are they looking at the back to the kiss
shirt you're basically just having fun
you are doing it with your friends and
you don't even realize that you're
exercising you just think oh I'm just
having friends once a month es community
and he opens the gates and he tells the
kids bring your parents and the place is
packed
five four three two one
you got to get down
like Michael David like Michael feel
like I'm stronger more powerful I
thought I could be dots and realizing
that you have the best also it's more
than awesome it's fun
it's like fun